Committer deduplication in Github for Software Delivery & Code Security (#37064)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/ci_visibility.md

Yes, you can exclude commits from specific people by using [exclusion filters][2].

## Deduplicating committers across email addresses

> In some cases, a single developer's commits can be split across multiple Git author emails — for example, if they set a different email with `git config user.email` in different repositories. If more than one of those emails passes the three-commit billing threshold described above, each counts as a separate committer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, a single developer's commits can be split across multiple Git author emails. For example, a developer might set a different email with `git config user.email` in different repositories. If more than one of those emails passes the three-commit billing threshold described above, each counts as a separate committer.
```
